[DOCU-2582] Add single source docs to the Contributing guide (#5018)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/contributing/plugin-docs.md

We are currently accepting plugin submissions to our plugin hub from trusted technical partners, on a limited basis. For more information, see the [Kong Partners page](https://konghq.com/partners/).

{:.note}
> The Kong Plugin Hub is documentation site. We **do not** host plugin source code or downloads.

## Add a new plugin doc

1. Set up or find your publisher directory:
  * If you're contributing a plugin developed by Kong, 
 use the existing `_app/_hub/kong-inc` directory.
  * If you're documenting a plugin created by another company, 
  create a publisher directory at`_app/_hub/`, such as
 `_app/_hub/company-name`. 

    See other Kong Hub listings for examples of publisher names.

1. Create a subdirectory for your plugin within your publisher directory.
For example, `_app/_hub/kong-inc/your-plugin`.

1. Copy the `/app/_hub/_init/my-extension/_index.md` and 
the `/app/_hub/_init/my-extension/versions.yml` files into your plugin's subdirectory.

1. Edit your `_index.md` file based on the guidance in comments in that file.
You'll also find lots of helpful examples in other plugin doc files.

> 1. Edit your `versions.yml` file with the minimum Kong Gateway version that this plugin supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit your `versions.yml` file with the minimum {{site.base_gateway}} version that this plugin supports.
```
